hi hi everyone this is Katerina Chris
tacos and today I'm going to show you my
absolute favorite web design tool it's
called xide pro and the reason i love it
is that it will actually automatically
optimize your website for you instead of
having to hire programmers to do it you
can build the entire set yourself
optimize it yourself and put in some
incredible features without ever having
to know anything about code so this is
how it works you open up the program and
then you go to add project I'm going to
say this net New York is my latest
project so let's say that I did this
tonight let's say that I did my keywords
already so let's say the key words were
audition casting Falls New York acting
classes I didn't actually look this up
I'm just making this up as I go along
but you would do the keyword research
first as I thought you so let's say our
main word is audition we would do
auditions network the newer teaches you
how to go on casting calls
and land amazing boots in movies okay
and let's just get that done clicked ok
it's just moving a little slow
great so then we have that then you
click on ADD web site and this is really
cool you don't have to know anything
about graphic design I'm going to go
into stylish template or you can do
graphical templates you've got bunch of
different things you can do here and you
can pick one of the ones that they
provide for you so we're going to go
with something simple like this done
audition and your keywords plication
work in New York teaches you hello to
festivals fill on a distant land prime
role in movies and television okay done
and it's creating the website now what
were these things the keywords are the
keywords that are going into your meta
tags and your description is the
transcription going at your meta tags
the description is what you would
actually see on google but you see how
you didn't actually have to know how to
insert a meta tag into a website that's
what i love about this program you just
type it in it does it for you and that's
just one of the many features it does
for you so I've just shown you how to
add keywords and meta tags to a website
I've shown you how to add a website to
your list here and it's now loading the
website
oh I've also shown you how to find
templates in here there's really a lot
of templates that you can choose from
and I think for right now I'm going to
show you the layout and there are things
that you can change here so a site name
would be a good ones change let's see if
that's in the header panel
now let's set it it will be in the left
paola so you go down to probably the
left panel designer and you go here
click and it's very very simple to
change you just go here use your
audition network you see I type that in
now watch this I'm going to scroll over
it we're going to click here and we're
going to make it a header tag so that we
have audition which was our main keyword
in a header tag click OK and it's now
been changed right there for you so
again you don't need to know how to do a
header tag you don't have to have that
technical knowledge just type it in it
does it for you so that's all I'm going
to teach you for today because I think
that's enough tomorrow I'll bring you
another tutorial on some more features
of this type of this software and what
you can do with it bye for now this is
Katerina Chris tacos